Final release v0.51.0 (#10522)
radius-project/radius: docs/release-notes/v0.51.0.md

## Announcing Radius v0.51.0

Today we're happy to announce the release of Radius v0.51.0. Check out the [highlights](#highlights) below, along with the [full changelog](#full-changelog) for more details.

We would like to extend our thanks to all the contributors who helped make this release possible!

## Intro to Radius

If you're new to Radius, check out our website, [radapp.io](https://radapp.io), for more information. Also visit our [getting started guide](https://docs.radapp.io/getting-started/) to learn how to install Radius and create your first app.

## Highlights

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Purge option added to uninstall command
A new `--purge` flag has been added to the `rad uninstall kubernetes` command. When this flag is specified in the command, all Kubernetes resources created by Radius, including resources created as a part of application deployments, will be deleted. For more information, please refer to the [CLI documentation](https://docs.radapp.io/reference/cli/rad_uninstall_kubernetes/).

### Progress status feedback added to application deletion command
The `rad app delete` command has been updated to show deletion progress and confirmation summary in the console output. This fix addresses a usability concern where app deletion operations that take a bit more time make it look like the CLI is frozen. For more information, please refer to the [CLI documentation](https://docs.radapp.io/reference/cli/rad_application_delete/)

### ACI deployments now use dynamic resource group location
Previously, when deploying ACI resources, Radius used a hardcoded WestUS3 location as that was one of the first locations to have the ACI NGroups feature available. This has been fixed where the resource group's location is now dynamically retrieved and used throughout the ACI Environment creation and resource deployment process. See the [how-to guide](https://docs.radapp.io/guides/author-apps/azure/azure-container-instances/) for more information on deploying to ACI using Radius.
```

Reviewer: looks good to me. the only nitpick is to put tick marks to the `--purge` text for formatting.

## Breaking changes

### Contour ingress controller installation disabled

> Radius no longer automatically installs the Contour ingress controller during `rad install kubernetes` or `rad init`. This change is due to Bitnami's deprecation of their public container registry, which affects the availability of Contour images. 
> 
> Applications that rely on Radius Gateway resources for ingress functionality will need to manually install and configure an ingress controller (such as Contour, NGINX, or others) before deploying Gateway resources.
> 
> This change is temporary while we evaluate alternative ingress controller options and repository sources.

Reviewer: Updated since I think only Contour works with Radius today. Additionally, if you have specifics on what configurations they should add to their manual Contour installation, please include it.

```suggestion
Radius no longer automatically installs the Contour ingress controller during `rad install kubernetes` or `rad init`. This change is due to Bitnami's deprecation of their public container registry, which affects the availability of Contour images. 

Applications that rely on Radius Gateway resources for ingress functionality will need to manually install and configure a Contour ingress controller before deploying Gateway resources. For more information on how to install Contour, please consult the [Contour documentation](https://projectcontour.io/getting-started/#install-contour-and-envoy).

This change is temporary while we evaluate alternative ingress controller options and repository sources.
```
